DOCSP-39027: Add CMAP diagram to FAQ page (#192)
mongodb/docs-csharp: source/faq.txt

The maximum size of each connection pool is set by the ``MaxConnectionPoolSize`` option, which
defaults to ``100``. If the number of in-use connections to a server reaches
the value of ``MaxConnectionPoolSize``, the next request to that server will wait

> until a connection becomes available. The following diagram illustrates a high-level view
> of the ``MongoClient``'s connection pool functionality:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
until a connection becomes available. The following diagram illustrates a high-level view
of how the ``MongoClient`` manages a connection pool:
```
